Previously on The Fosters...
The T cells didn't work.
You can do another
round of gene therapy.
I don't want any more treatment.
When the time comes,
you should let me go.
I don't know why I didn't just
get back with Aaron
when I had the chance.
He said he's taking it
slow with that girl Amanda.
I'm ready to be with you
if you still want to.
GRAY: Mr. Snow's the one
that's been doing the harassing
of Patrick Molloy.
I find it very interesting
that you're still in contact
with a pedophile you say
hasn't committed a crime.
I need to get these requests for search
warrants over to Judge Walderman.
Who wants to see the
makeover we gave Jude?
LENA: Talking about hitting it
and asking what's your
favorite position is not funny.
I talked to Declan, and he's out
so Eminent Power is dropping us.
JUDGE: Mr. and Mrs. Sinfuego
are to report to Immigration and Customs
for immediate deportation.
What if we could get an ICE agent
to testify on the Sinfuegos' behalf?
No way.
Then we're gonna compel you to testify.
You've been served.
(THEME MUSIC PLAYING)
♪ It's not where you come from ♪
♪ It's where you belong ♪
♪ Nothin' I would trade ♪
♪ I wouldn't have it any other way ♪
♪ You're surrounded ♪
♪ By love and you're wanted ♪
♪ So never feel alone ♪
♪ You are home with me ♪
♪ Right where you belong ♪
- Synced and corrected by Shazi89 -
- www.addic7ed.com -
(PEOPLE CHATTERING)
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Oh, uh, these are
taken. Sorry. Big family.
Vultures.
Get here early if you want a good spot.
Mariana, chill. I mean, maybe
we should let people sit here
- if they're not gonna...
- No, they're gonna be here.
LENA: Is she answering?
STEF: Hey, Callie, it's me. Again.
Please, uh, call me
back when you get this.
I don't know how long
we can wait for them.
I will try again.
- Hey.
- Hey, Robert.
- Nice to see you.
- So good of you to come.
Listen, I got a little gift
here for Callie. Where is she?
Uh, have you guys seen Brandon?
Oh, they, uh... They
might not be coming.
What? Why?
Well, it's, uh... It's
been a crazy few days.
MARIANA: Jesus, get up.
Go away.
Believe me, I would love to.
It smells like socks in here.
But I need your help cleaning
out the backyard for Moms.
Go find someone who
didn't fail junior year.
(SIGHS)
Look, I know you're bummed,
but Moms told us that we need to
get this done today, so get up.
You're so annoying.
Well, then you're gonna love not being
in the same class as me.
- Oh, that's mean.
- (MARIANA CHUCKLES)
Look, you worked your ass off.
You should be proud of yourself.
I am.
Okay, but you're my sister, Mariana.
What about Emma?
You know how she feels about school.
You really think she's
gonna want to date a junior?
She loves you.
Now come on.
Seriously, Mariana, what
is the freaking rush?
Whoa, what's going on?
Well, your senior project
is worth four credits.
Which is how much room
you need in your schedule
to retake math next year
So we're building a treehouse, babe.
So you get to be a senior.
Get that tool belt on, baby. Let's go!
(STAMMERING) Okay.
(DOORBELL RINGS)
- Can I help you?
- Can we have a word?
This is my supervisor, Agent Jordan.
You make a habit of interfering
with federal government business?
- I didn't...
- ICE is essential to national security.
If you subpoena Agent
Allen, you risk exposing
the way we work to the bad guys.
Is that what you want?
If "the way you work"
is unethical, then yes.
You think it's ethical to help
your friend escape custody?
Hide out in a church?
You're in over your head, Miss Foster.
Thank you so much for doing this.
Yeah, well, you try
saying no to your sister.
Hey, uhm...
I hope you know how sorry I am
for leaving like I did.
I thought I was in the way,
and I'm just not that great
at tough conversations.
I get it.
Okay, you're just doing
the best you can, right?
Yeah.
It's cool.
Okay? We've got the most
awesome family in the world,
so we're good.
Really.
Where's B?
Uh, he's driving up to Marin county.
He's been there every weekend.
I thought with graduation
coming up, he'd be home.
He was, but Grace took a turn.
So he left this morning.
He wanted to be with her.
Shit.
Is he still her, uh,
what do you call it, proxy?
Yeah, he and I talked about it.
It's just, you know, something
that he wants to do for her.
I don't know how he's supposed to
make a decision like that at his age?
I know. And trust me,
her mom is none too happy
about it, either.
SUSAN: Grace. Sweetie.
Look who's here.
Look.
You're back.
I'll give you guys
some time to catch up.
Okay.
How you feeling?
Like a million bucks. (CHUCKLES)
What day is it?
Friday.
But when's graduation?
Sunday.
- What are you...
- I just...
just missed you.
NOAH: So, you coming to
help out at the church
with the rummage sale tomorrow?
Oh, no.
Sorry. Um, Taylor,
Declan, and I have this,
like, meet-and-greet at Game Realm.
We're basically just gonna, you know,
sell Eminent Power
merch and talk with fans
and take pictures and stuff.
Okay, Mr. Superstar.
I'm sorry. It's my job.
Got it.
Oh, damn. I'm so sorry.
Dude, this was an expensive shirt.
Okay, but then why did you
wear it to build the treehouse?
You afraid Declan might stop by?
What does that mean?
Okay. It's just with
the hair and the clothes
and your attitude.
I mean, it's just kinda
like where did Jude go?
I thought you got into
all this streaming stuff
so you could be a role
model to other gaymers.
But now it's all about the money
and the clothes and your fans.
Don't act like you care
about them when you don't.
You just care that you have them.
Wow!
Well, if that's how you feel, then
why don't you break up with me?
I think that's the best idea
you've had in a long time.
What is it?
It's a stay of removal.
What? Is it...
You get to stay in the country
as long as you don't commit any crimes.
- (CRYING)
- XIMENA: Oh, my God.
How did this happen?
Well, ICE didn't want the bad publicity
of Allen having to testify.
I mean, it's not a path
to citizenship, but...
But for now, it keeps us together.
But what about Ximena's DACA?
Could this effect that?
No. ICE can't make a
decision on her DACA,
but they definitely can issue
a recommendation to deny it.
Would they do that?
If they're mad that we tried
to subpoena one of their agents.
If they do, we'll go public
with everything we know.
We're not gonna let that happen.
What if we both get the internship?
Oh, my God, how sick would that be?
You invited Wyatt?
I mean, he used to
work construction, so...
(INDISTINCT CHATTER)
EMMA: Okay, but Logan's here too.
Well, what was I supposed to do?
I mean, he lives next door.
So have you decided
who gets the final rose?
No.
But I think I need to cut Wyatt loose.
It's just he's graduating,
and he wants to, like,
wander the world or whatever.
And we all know long
distance doesn't work.
(CHUCKLES) No kidding.
It's bad enough that I might have to go
to L.A. for the summer,
but what about after that?
If I end up at MIT
and Jesus stays here,
San Diego to Boston,
that's a way long distance, you know?
You're not thinking about, like...
No. God, no.
It's just hard.
Okay. Well, good.
You know, I should at least
thank Wyatt for coming, right?
Mm-hmm.
How do I look? Cute?
(CELL PHONE CHIMING)
What?
Isn't there another
way you can get Molloy?
Not without taking Gray down.
And if I do that, he goes right to IA...
(SIGHS)
... and lets them know that I lied
during the investigation
into Mike's shooting.
Well, I mean,
this has been weighing on
you for such a long time.
I can't afford to lose my
job or my pension, can I?
You know, Callie, you really are
gonna make a great lawyer one day.
You asked me why I can't wait a year
to apply to the five-year law program.
What just happened, that's why.
Like, there are so many
broken, corrupt systems
in this country, and, I
mean, it's only getting worse.
We both know the Sinfuegos got lucky.
Very lucky.
But most people in their situation
don't have access to the
same resources that they did.
You mean you?
Listen, Callie, you've done
so much for them already.
No. No, I meant you and
all the law students.
But the people I wanna help
don't have time on their side.
Like, think about how many families
could be torn apart in a year.
How many kids could
have their lives ruined
because of a legal system that is
completely stacked against them.
Callie...
you really are a force
of nature, you know that?
This world's gonna be a better place
with you out there
fighting for what's right.
There's no doubt about that.
And we would be very lucky to
have you in our law program.
Now that being said,
it's probably not
gonna happen this year.
(INDISTINCT CHATTER)
Gray, you got a sec?
I'm really not in the
mood for another lecture
on the moral high-ground, Foster.
Well, I would like to, uh...
I'd like to call a truce, please.
I think that this has gone
on, uh, a little too long.
I almost did something stupid.
I almost put Patrick Molloy's
name on a warrant list
without a judge's order.
- That would have been stupid.
- I'm more than aware.
I cannot afford to lose my job.
So I, uh...
just wanna let this
whole Molloy thing go.
Wise decision.
Thank you.
I do need one thing from you, however.
I need to know that you
will not go to IA on me,
and I need to know that you will
leave Kyle Snow alone, please.
You don't narc on me,
I don't narc on you.
I guess we're good.
But honestly, Gray,
it doesn't bother you that you left
a child molester on the street?
Really?
It would have bothered me a lot more
to leave a murderer on the street.
You have to pick your battles.
Fair enough.
You can't win 'em all, right?
You think that was enough?
With your testimony? Absolutely.
Hey...
You sure you wanna go to IA with this?
Thank you so much for watching.
And then he said I'm,
like, turning into you,
and I'm like whatever.
I'm never supposed to change?
That is total BS.
He's jealous of all the success
you're having. Trust me, it happens.
Hi.
Sorry, I'm a little...
Uh, how did you...
How did you conquer
the crystal mountain?
(CHUCKLES) Oh, um...
you have to hit the guard
trolls with an onyx bomb.
They're vulnerable to minerals.
Of course.
I should have thought of that.
I'm so dumb.
Hey, bud, we got a
lot of people waiting.
Gotta keep things moving, you know?
Right. Sorry.
- So nice to meet you.
- Okay, let's go.
Dude, don't be rude.
Who gives a crap.
The only bummer about these things
is realizing how many
losers watch our streams.
- Hey.
- Hey!
- How are you?
- (BOTH KISSING)
Thank you so much for coming.
Soon as we finish this
up, you won't have to worry
about dating a lowly junior.
- I never...
- Emma!
Oh, my God, I just got an
email from the Bandt Foundation.
Oh, my God. What did they say?
I don't know. I haven't
seen it. Check your phone.
Okay. Deep breath.
Chances are neither one of
us got it. So let's just...
rip off the Band-Aid
and see what they said.
One,
two,
three.
You were right.
I didn't get in.
(GIGGLING)
- Congrats.
EMMA: I'm sorry.
(PLAYING SLOW MELODY)
I want you to promise me something.
I want you to go to Coachella even if...
even if I can't.
Okay.
I promise.
Unless the headliner sucks.
Then you can sell the tickets online.
(CHUCKLES)
We should have played there.
We would have rocked that place.
I'm sorry that we never
really got a chance to gig out.
We'll always have the bagel shop.
(SIGHS) I made my mom my proxy.
You did?
Yeah, we had a long talk and, uh,
and she...
She got it.
- A... are you sure, 'cause I...
- I'm sure.
It's the right thing to do.
For her and...
you.
(INDISTINCT CHATTER)
All right, well, that's good to hear.
Thanks for getting back to me.
So they picked up Molloy, and he talked.
So Gray is going down, too.
That is incredible.
Any word from IA?
No, but, um,
it felt good to come clean.
About everything, you know.
Maybe it's time for a career change.
Do a little something different.
Really kinda scary to say that but...
Thank you so much for understanding.
This was something I had to do.
Honey, the only thing
that matters is that you do
what makes you feel good about yourself.
Everything else works
itself out in the end.
We'll be fine.
- I love you.
Okay, get to work. Slacker.
(GRUNTS)
Hi.
Yeah.
You okay?
I mean, my life's pretty much ruined,
but I'm fine.
Mariana, who cares if you
didn't get some dumb internship?
You're the most
single-minded person I know.
When you want something, you get it.
I mean, look at this,
what you did for me.
I get to be a senior because of you.
Yeah, but, I mean, you
did all the hard work.
Yeah, maybe, but...
you figured out how to make it happen.
You're gonna be fine.
I know it.
Remember when we were kids,
we always wanted a magic treehouse.
Now we got one.
And it's gonna take you
anywhere you wanna go.
(EXHALES DEEPLY)
(VOICE BREAKING) ♪ Look at this life ♪
♪ I'm starting with you ♪
♪ The brightest of lights ♪
♪ Shining on the beautiful view ♪
♪ Deep in your eyes ♪
♪ I found a love that's
wonderful and true ♪
♪ All the things I'm gonna do ♪
(CRYING)
♪ Gonna do with you ♪
Jesus, we gotta go.
LENA: All right, that's the last of it.
(SIGHS)
All right, Missy,
now that we've got
you alone for a second.
Yeah?
We just want to make sure that
you take in tomorrow, okay?
Take it all in.
Graduating is kind of a...
It's kind of a big deal.
LENA: Do you realize that, like,
50 percent of kids who've
been in the foster system
don't even graduate high school
and then less than 10
percent go on to college?
What you have accomplished is
nothing short of incredible, Cal.
Okay? And we are so,
so very proud of you.
(CHUCKLES)
LENA: If someone would
have told me that day
that I picked you up outside of juvie...
that this is where you would end up...
(BOTH LAUGHING)
You're a fighter. You always have been.
Now that you've started fighting for
yourself, look what's happened.
Um...
you told me...
when I first got here, you
said I wasn't disposable.
That meant so much, but...
what means even more is how you've
made me feel that way every day since.
I love you, Moms.
I love you, too.
(ALL LAUGHING)
In all the years I
spent in the audience,
jealously listening to Sanchez
give these graduation speeches,
it never occurred to me she
had to actually write them.
This is painful.
(CELL PHONE VIBRATING)
Hey.
B?
She's gone.
STEF: Baby, I'm so sorry.
I, uh, I can be up there in the morning.
- I'll take a plane.
- No, I wanna drive.
I don't want to talk to anybody. I
just... I need to clear my head.
Are you sure, babe? Because I...
Yes, I'm fine, Mom.
I'll be back in the morning
before you guys get up.
So, uh, now the Sinfuegos
can stay in the country.
Can you believe it? After all that?
So now, we're just waiting
to hear about Ximena's DACA,
and hopefully we should
know any day now, so...
Um...
So, uh, I know I told you
I needed a little time to think about...
Well, you know, to think about
you and Amanda and everything?
- Uh-huh.
- And, um,
it's been really confusing
because you're both
these incredible people.
But as much as I care about you,
I, uh, I think I need to...
see where things go with her.
I can see why. She's pretty great.
So are you, Callie.
Don't forget that.
(SOBBING QUIETLY)
To hell with it.
GRACE (SINGING):
♪ I see those waves crashing ♪
- ♪ But they can't touch us no ♪
- (CROWD CHEERING)
BOTH: ♪ Lightning on
the mountain flashing ♪
♪ I say let it light our road ♪
♪ Tell me what is time anyway ♪
♪ I'll be by your side all the way ♪
♪ We felt the time passing ♪
♪ Flowing to a new start ♪
♪ Dove in and there's no disguising ♪
♪ Any other after mine ♪
♪ What is time anyway? ♪
♪ I'll be by your side ♪
♪ All the way ♪
BRANDON: ♪ I'll be by your side ♪
Hey! Haven't seen you
do that in a while.
Let me help.
(SIGHS)
Does this go with your new look?
I don't really care.
You okay, bud?
Do you ever worry that
you sometimes might be
kinda turning into a jerk?
(CHUCKLES)
Oh God, yes.
I worry about that every
time I lose my temper at work,
or I let Mom get the
better of me. Or you kids.
And then I just remind myself that, um,
I'm human and I'm
allowed to have feelings
and get frustrated and make mistakes.
Or bad decisions, even.
And, uh, I'm only a jerk
if I don't make it better.
I've been streaming
with Taylor and Declan. At his place.
I see.
- Even after...
- Even after I said I wasn't.
I'm sorry.
Okay.
And how are you gonna make it better?
How did you find me?
I checked your room to
see if you were back,
and, um, I saw
the Coachella tickets
Grace gave you on your desk.
I can't imagine how
you're feeling right now,
but do you really wanna miss graduation?
I'm pretty sure Grace
would've wanted you to go.
I don't...
care about graduation.
Okay, then.
(CRYING): You should go.
No, I'm not going anywhere.
I can't believe she's gone.
I know.
(SOBS)
It's not fair.
I... I just...
I hope that she knew
how much I loved her.
Of course she did.
What makes you so sure?
Because I've been loved by you, Brandon.
And it is a pretty powerful thing.
Thank you for that.
Grace knew.
She knew that you loved her.
And she knew how lucky she
was to have you in her life...
even for a little while.
(SOBBING)
(CONTINUES SOBBING)
(PEOPLE CHATTERING EXCITEDLY)
(SIGHS)
No sign of them?
No.
Damn!
I can't believe that she would
miss this. She worked so hard.
I know. Trust me.
What did you get her?
Oh, it's from Sophia.
I probably shouldn't have
brought it to the ceremony.
It's a raincoat. For
Portland. For school.
Well, that was very thoughtful.
She's gonna... She's
gonna need it for sure.
Congratulations, Mr. Graduate.
You finally excited about
going to Boston in the fall?
I am.
And thank you for your
combo platter break-up speech/pep-talk.
It really helped me
get my head on straight.
Well, you're welcome.
And hey, if you end up at
MIT like you always wanted,
we'll both be in Boston,
so maybe we can grab a
cup of coffee or something.
I don't really think MIT
is gonna happen, but...
if by some miracle it does,
you're on.
(KISSES)
They'll be here, don't worry.
You came?
Well, I wasn't gonna bail
on Callie and Brandon.
- (LAUGHS)
- What?
You're a really good guy.
I know!
I quit Eminent Power.
You did?
Taylor and me are gonna go back to
being just Girl and One Gay Guy.
And you were right.
I kinda forgot why I
started doing all this.
I'm sorry.
You know,
you're a really good guy, too.
(CHATTERING)
(GIGGLES)
Did you just wave to Wyatt?
Well, I didn't wanna break
up with him before graduation.
Because you don't wanna
break up with him at all.
(LAUGHING)
That's gonna be us next year.
- Any update?
- No. Unh-unh.
Well, we gotta start soon.
I know.
LENA: Really soon.
Welcome, students, parents, friends,
and especially our
graduating senior class.
We are so proud of each
and every one of you.
What you've accomplished
over these past four years...
You know what?
I, uh, I did write a speech,
and I worked really, really hard on it.
But I've got two kids graduating today.
And while very thoughtful,
my speech doesn't really do justice
to everything I want to say to them
and to the rest of my family,
sitting out there in the audience
and to each and every
one of you students who...
You all feel like my
kids, one way or the other.
- (AUDIENCE CHUCKLES)
- LENA: So, uh,
I'm just gonna make it up as I go.
These seniors,
my first graduating class as principal,
will always hold a
special place in my heart.
And when I think about
everything we have gone
through together,
to arrive where we are today,
it makes one thing really clear to me.
There are so many roads to take
to get to where you want to be in life.
Life ain't easy. It's...
It's gonna hit you hard.
It's gonna put challenges in your path.
It's gonna take you all kinds of places,
sometimes giving you what you want,
sometimes, what you need.
Which might just be a kick in the ass.
The trick is to enjoy the journey.
And a big part of that
depends on who you travel with.
I've made a lot of
mistakes in my life but...
that's one thing I got
absolutely, positively,
exactly right.
(VOICE BREAKING): My family is my world.
(LENA LAUGHING)
And they have made this ride so joyful
and so beautiful...
so crazy and messy and...
perfect.
So thank you all.
Thank you all so much for
taking this journey with us all.
And remember...
it's not where you come from,
it's where you belong.
And no matter where
this life takes you next,
always know that you have
a home here at Anchor Beach.
(AUDIENCE APPLAUDING)
Talya Banks, UC Berkeley!
(CHEERING)
Wyatt Casey, Claremont McKenna College!
Woo-hoo, Wyatt!
Brandon Foster, Musician's Institute!
(LOUD CHEERING)
Way to go, B!
♪ You and me together ♪
♪ We can change the world ♪
♪ You and me together you
and me, and me together ♪
Callie Adams Foster, UCSD
Five Year Law Program!
(CHEERING, WHISTLING)
♪ You and me can ♪
♪ Oh, all I have ♪
♪ You and I ♪
I got a call from
UCSD about an hour ago.
I guess that professor
really did go to bat for you.
(LAUGHING)
Congratulations, honey.
- Thank you.
- I love you.
♪ You and me together ♪
(CHEERING CONTINUES)
♪ Show 'em what it
means to be electric ♪
♪ And good lovers ♪
♪ You and me together ♪
♪ We can change the world ♪
♪ You and me together you
and me, and me together ♪
Jesus Adams Foster, San
Diego Community College.
(CHEERING)
♪ You and me can ♪
I am so proud of you.
Everything you've
been able to accomplish
is just incredible.
I love you.
This is yours. This is yours!
Mariana Adams Foster, Massachusetts
Institute of Technology.
- Whoo!
- (CHEERING CONTINUES)
That's my girl!
LENA: Emma Kurtzman, Massachusetts
Institute of Technology.
♪ Now every day is
spent dreaming of you ♪
Taylor Shaw, Sarah Lawrence College!
(CHEERING)
Congratulations.
♪ Show 'em what it means to
be electric and good lovers ♪
Jude Adams Foster,
UCLA!
(CHEERING)
(CHANTING): Judicorn!
Judicorn! Judicorn!
Judicorn!
ALL: Judicorn! Judicorn!
JUDE: Yeah. All right.
All right, that's enough.
Oh, you're too cool
to be our Judicorn now?
Hell no. I'm still your big sister
no matter how tall you have gotten,
and I'll call you
whatever the hell I want.
Quit it, all right. I'll sue.
You actually can't do that.
She's about to be a lawyer.
Oh, I still have another
year of school left,
and that's not actually how that works.
- (LAUGHING)
- (DOORBELL RINGS)
Oh, that must be Eliza. Hang on.
Oh, it's so nice to have them all here.
Look what we did.
Oh, it's not like we're done.
I swear they need you more
in their 20s than ever.
Let's hope so.
Hi.
Sorry, everyone. Rehearsal...
ran late, and there
was traffic on the 5.
Rehearsal for what?
Eliza's playing cello
with the LA Phil now,
which is, uh, pretty impressive
considering she's an undergrad.
Well, it... it's all
good. Don't worry about it.
It's no big deal.
No, it's your graduation.
It's totally a big deal.
Don't you two have a big
deal you wanna talk about?
Mariana, now is not the time.
Come on. How often are we all together?
It's up to you.
Well, I mean, I don't want
to steal Jude's thunder.
But we're gonna.
- (ALL LAUGHING)
- (MARIANA DRUMMING ON TABLE)
Um, Eliza and I are engaged.
- (SQUEALS)
- JESUS: What?
- (GASPS)
- That's amazing.
JUDE: That's incredible.
Wow!
- Congratulations.
- Show them the ring.
I helped Brandon pick it out
when he came to visit me in Boston.
JESUS: That's so cool.
CALLIE: Isn't it beautiful?
So, wh... when is this happening?
I mean, we were thinking
maybe next summer.
- Like a beach thing.
- BRANDON: Mm-hmm.
Congratulations.
Oh, my goodness.
STEF: I can't believe it.
- Sweetheart...
- Thank you.
- (CELL PHONE RINGING)
- Oh, excuse me one sec.
- Go, girl!
- (LAUGHING)
Hello.
Hey, Bill.
- Wow!
- BRANDON: Jesus...
Uh, Stef,
- Stef.
- Congratulations.
Uh, it's Bill.
Uh, the social worker, Bill.
He has a kid who needs a home.
What should I tell him?
(CHUCKLES)
- Synced and corrected by Shazi89 -
- www.addic7ed.com -
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org